Add new buttons docs - first part. (#835)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/templatedbutton/overview.md

---
title: Overview
page_title: .NET MAUI TemplatedButton Documentation - Overview
description: Try now the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedButton control that provides various options for customizing its look and feel.
tags: templated button for .net maui, .net maui, ui for .net maui, microsoft .net maui
position: 0
slug: templatedbutton-overview
---

# .NET MAUI TemplatedButton Overview

The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedButton control represents a button control with a content that can be customized. 
Additionally, it enables you to align its content, define custom content by using a template, applying visual states and more. For example, you can implement a loading button using the TemplatedButton. 

![.NET MAUI TemplatedButton Overview](images/button-overview.png "TemplatedButton for .NET MAUI")

## Key Features

> * [Content and ContentTemplate]({slug templatedbutton-contenfiguration}#setting-content)&mdash;The TemplatedButton allows you to define a `Content`. In addition, there is an option for setting `ContentTemplate`.

Author: this does not look okay when docs is build on live, we keep it without ``

# .NET MAUI TemplatedButton Overview

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedButton represents a button with customizable content. You can set the content to a `string`, `View`, use the `ContentTemplate` or retemplate the control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedButton represents a button with customizable content. You can set the content to a `string`, `View`, use the `ContentTemplate` or re-template the control.
```

Additionally, it enables you to align its content and define custom content by using a template, applying visual states and more. 

![.NET MAUI TemplatedButton Overview](images/templatedbutton-overview.png "TemplatedButton for .NET MAUI")

## Key Features of the .NET MAUI TemplatedButton

> * [Content and ContentTemplate]({%slug templatedbutton-configuration%}#setting-content)&mdash;The TemplatedButton allows you to define a `Content`. In addition, there is an option for setting `ContentTemplate`. For example you can implement a [Loading Button]({%slug templatedbutton-loading-button%}) using the `ContentTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Content and ContentTemplate]({%slug templatedbutton-configuration%}#setting-content)&mdash;The TemplatedButton allows you to define a `Content`. In addition, there is an option for setting `ContentTemplate`. For example, you can implement a [Loading Button]({%slug templatedbutton-loading-button%}) using the `ContentTemplate`.
```
